Fixes GitHub issue #30860 - Confusing use of "default" for langversion (#37802)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/language.md

[!INCLUDE [lang-versions-table](../includes/langversion-table.md)]

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `latest` value is generally not recommended. With `latest`, the compiler enables the latest features, even if those features depend on updates not included in the configured target framework.

### Considerations

- To ensure that your project uses the default compiler version recommended for your target framework, don't use the **LangVersion** option. You can update the target framework to access newer language features.

> - Specifying **LangVersion** with the `default` value is different from omitting the **LangVersion** option. Specifying `default` uses the latest version of the language that the compiler supports, without taking into account the target framework. For example, building a project that targets .NET 6 from the current version of Visual Studio 2022 uses C# 10 if **LangVersion** isn't specified, but uses C# 11 if **LangVersion** is set to `default`.

Reviewer: Let's specify a version, instead of "current version" (because C# 12 will be the default in a couple weeks:

```suggestion
- Specifying **LangVersion** with the `default` value is different from omitting the **LangVersion** option. Specifying `default` uses the latest version of the language that the compiler supports, without taking into account the target framework. For example, building a project that targets .NET 6 from Visual Studio version 17.6 uses C# 10 if **LangVersion** isn't specified, but uses C# 11 if **LangVersion** is set to `default`.
```
